404 Live style transfer notebook (#676)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/404-style-transfer-webcam/README.md

# Live Style Transfer with OpenVINO™

> 

Reviewer: We need to start with an explanation of this notebook. It is confusing starting with "Binder is a free..."

Author: Updated with the description of the notebook instead of binder.

Reviewer: Love the adds

![style transfer](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109281183/204767232-95b8f0a8-010e-4f6d-981e-104200652098.jpg)

> Artistic style transfer blends a single style to any given content image. The real-time style transfer is able to train a neural network to apply a single style to any given content image. Given this ability, a different network could be trained for each different style we wish to apply.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Artistic style transfer blends a single style to any given image. The real-time style transfer model is a neural network trained to apply a single style to images. Different networks can be trained for different styles we may wish to apply.
```

Author: I have updated the description as suggested.
